Release note about node.js adapter and javascript adapter released in… (#35857)
keycloak/keycloak: docs/documentation/release_notes/topics/26_1_0.adoc

Alternatively, you can disable dark mode support for the built-in Keycloak themes on a per-realm basis by turning off the "Dark mode" setting under the "Theme" tab in the realm settings.

> = Dedicated release cycle for the Node.js adapter and Javascript adapter
> 
> From this release, the {project_name} javascript adapter and {project_name} Node.js adapter will have release cycle independent of the {project_name} server release cycle. The 26.1.0 release may be the last one
> when those adapters are released together with the {project_name} server. But from now on, the adapters may be released at a different time than the {project_name} server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
= Dedicated release cycle for the Node.js adapter and JavaScript adapter

From this release onwards, the {project_name} JavaScript adapter and {project_name} Node.js adapter will have a release cycle independent of the {project_name} server release cycle. The 26.1.0 release may be the last one
where these adapters are released together with the {project_name} server, but from now on, these adapters may be released at a different time than the {project_name} server.
```
